ITEM NAME: Coldain History: Volume I

Velious Era (added December 2000-2001)
Coldain History: Volume I


The Book is closed.
WT: 0.2  Size: SMALL




  Drops From 
  Sold by 


 Zone 
 Merchant Name 
 Area 
 Loc


 Thurgadin

 Lorekeeper Derrin

     Temple Library

  (-210, 770)

  Related quests 
 This item has no related quests.  
  Book contents 
Coldain Heritage and History:
Volume I: Lost at Sea
Inscribed by:
Grand Historian Nicmar
During the ancient days when
the first city of the dwarves
was under construction,
dwarves were being sent across
the lands and sea to find
precious reserves of stone,
crystal, and ore for the
project. Ships sailed in and
out by the dozens bringing
supplies for the great
project. One fleet of such
ships was sailing across the
South of Antonica to reach the
unknown island that would
eventually be Odus, where a
quartz mine was being set up
in the name of the dwarves.
Led by the miner and explorer
Colin Dain, the fleet of a
dozen ships carrying about 200
dwarves ran into one of the
worst storms Prexus had ever
unleashed. Tossed and turned,
flipped and torn the storm
raged on for days as most of
the dwarves huddled together
in the ships' holds waiting
for the seas to calm. When
finally after eight days of
turbulence the gales subsided
and the dwarves crawled onto
their tattered decks they
found that six of their ships
had been lost to the storm
along with their crews and
passengers. Worst of all not
even the best of the remaining
navigators or cartographers
had a clue as to where they
were. Even the stars in the
sky could not be relied upon
for navigation, as none of
them were recognizable to the
dwarves who had never been in
this region before.

  Player crafted 
 This item is not crafted by players. 
  Tradeskill recipes 
 This item is not used in player tradeskills. 



