ITEM NAME: Coldain History: Volume VI

Velious Era (added December 2000-2001)
Coldain History: Volume VI


The Book is closed.
WT: 0.2  Size: SMALL




  Drops From 
  Sold by 


 Zone 
 Merchant Name 
 Area 
 Loc


 Thurgadin

 Lorekeeper Derrin

     Temple Library

  (-210, 770)

  Related quests 
 This item has no related quests.  
  Book contents 
Coldain Heritage and History:
Volume VI: The Second Exodus
Inscribed by:
Grand Historian Nicmar
Over the centuries that
followed, strange creatures
began migrating into the
Crystal Caverns. These
monsters were a collection of
the most deadly cave dwellers
who inhabited the frosty caves
of Velious. Unfortunately for
the Coldain, these monsters
used stealth and camouflage to
hunt their prey. The crystal
widows are a breed of
arachnids that are almost
entirely translucent and
blend in with the walls of the
crystal caverns catching many
an unwary miner with their
poison glass fangs.
Stalagterrors are particularly
nasty hunter which
appears to be an ordinary ice
stalactite, launching their
frosty tentacles and opening
their icy maws only when their
prey is within reach. It was
these foes and more which
eventually caused the dwarves
to abandon the Crystal Caverns
and set out to build a new
fortress more akin to Frost-
keep. There are rumors that a
few dwarves refused to leave
their home in the center of
the Caverns but what has be-
come of them is unknown.

  Player crafted 
 This item is not crafted by players. 
  Tradeskill recipes 
 This item is not used in player tradeskills. 



