ITEM NAME: Coldain History: Volume III

Velious Era (added December 2000-2001)
Coldain History: Volume III


The Book is closed.
WT: 0.2  Size: SMALL




  Drops From 
  Sold by 


 Zone 
 Merchant Name 
 Area 
 Loc


 Thurgadin

 Lorekeeper Derrin

     Temple Library

  (-210, 770)

  Related quests 
 This item has no related quests.  
  Book contents 
Coldain Heritage and History:
Volume III: Froststone Keep
Inscribed by:
Grand Historian Nicmar
There's an old Erudite saying
that states, "Dwarves are like
time itself, neither can ever
remain idle." This certainly
proved true for the new
settlement. The miners quickly
discovered that the hard-
packed ice lying beneath the
snow of Velious was as durable
and malleable as stone. Being
mostly quartz miners, the
dwarves found they liked this
ice just fine and were
building all sorts of things
with it in no time. The great
walruses found along the coast
proved to be an invaluable
source of food and furs,
although many a warrior fell
to the beasts thinking
"they're just dumb animals."
It was for this reason and
others that a small dwarven
settlement was formed near the
shores of the ocean in the
Eastern Wastes. Through time
the settlement became a town,
and then a strong dwarven keep
seemed to form as if a new
mountain had been born. Named
Froststone, for the ice it was
built from, the dwarves
realized that with the
completion of this keep their
stay on this strange new land
was permanent.
Unfortunately this time of
peace for the dwarves was
coming to an end as they ran
into the first other
intelligent life on Velious,
the frost giants.

  Player crafted 
 This item is not crafted by players. 
  Tradeskill recipes 
 This item is not used in player tradeskills. 



