ITEM NAME: Conium's Notebook Part Two



Conium's Notebook Part Two


WT: 0.1  Size: TINY




  Drops From 
 This item is not dropped by mobs. 
  Sold by 


 Zone 
 Merchant Name 
 Area 
 Loc


 Dagnor's Cauldron

 Conium Darkblade



  (-236, -826)

  Related quests 
 This item has no related quests.  
  Book contents 
Conium's Notebook Two
Thank Brell for Mater
On my last visit to my home,
Kaladim, I paid a visit to
my old mentor, Mater. He has
just documented some studies
he did on toxicology of ores
and granted me the honor of
giving me a copy of
his work.
With the information provided
by Mater, and the ever-present
aqua goblins here in Dagnor's
Cauldron to test them on, I
have developed some effective
metal-based poisons. My first
experiment was a mixture of
LEAD PEROXIDE, WHITE LEAD and
QUICKSILVER with a SEALED
POISON VIAL and LARENT
SUSPENSION. I was sure to heed
Mater's warnings and take
extreme care when applying it
to my blade. The outcome was
much to my liking. The goblin
doubled over clutching his
head and midsection with his
slimy hands.
My second mixture consists of
one part IRON SULPHIDE and
two parts QUICKSILVER with a
SEALED POISON VIAL and LARENT
SUSPENSION. This mixture
although a bit more difficult
to mix properly and apply was
even more effective than the
first had been. This one
causes the goblins not only
to double over from the pain
but fall down completely,
writhing on the rocky cliffs.
My only regret is that death
is rather swift so the vile
critters don't suffer as much
as they would with a weaker
mixture.

  See Also 
 Player Tradeskill Poison Making

  Player crafted 
 This item is not crafted by players. 
  Tradeskill recipes 
 This item is not used in player tradeskills. 



