ITEM NAME: Dirge of the ForgeFire



Dirge of the ForgeFire


WT: 0.1  Size: TINY




  Drops From 
 This item is not dropped by mobs. 
  Sold by 


 Zone 
 Merchant Name 
 Area 
 Loc


 Butcherblock Mountains

 Kaila Rucksack



  (2795, -697)


 East Cabilis

 Smithy Vyx



  (-427, -215)


 East Cabilis

 Brewer Prixal



  (678, -26)


 East Freeport

 Daria Smith



  (46, -226)


 Greater Faydark

 Merchant Nluolian



  (-107, -565)


 Rivervale

 Frankle Ironhair



  (-251, -107)


 Neriak Foreign Quarter

 Ungia



  (-203, -279)


 West Karana

 Spinner



  (-1458, -12839)

  Related quests 
 This item has no related quests.  
  Book contents 
(Page 1)

Near a defiant forge stood
three Master smiths of great
pedigree. Engaged in a test
of mettle and might, they
plied their craft till dead
of night. Their hammers rang,
and sparks did fly, till one
grinned widely, his 
expression wry.

(Page 2)

His skillful hand bore what
was built, from Honest Drink,
and Mold of Hilt. A Metal
Sheet, and Spiked Ball Mold A
Forged Morning Star to behold!

At the blazing forge stood
two, with bellows feeding
flames of blue. From within
the heated air did rise, the
second blacksmith's joyous
cries.

(Page 3)

A Water Flask and Metal Sheet,
A Pommel Mold, and Hilt Mold
meet. Add a Mold for Heavy
Steel Blades, and a Forged
Two Handed Sword is made.


Near the waning flame stood
one, with morning rise, his
work near done. As the coals
turned faded gray, his forged 
creation saw light of day.


(Page 4)

His skill did show in com-
pleted task, Mold of Pommel,
Hilt and a Water Flask. A
Mold for a strong Dual-Edged
Blade, make a Forged Bastard
Sword suited for any raid.

  Player crafted 
 This item is not crafted by players. 
  Tradeskill recipes 
 This item is not used in player tradeskills. 



