ITEM NAME: Investigator's Briefing

Warrens Era (added spring 2001)


Investigator's Briefing


LORE ITEM  NODROP
WT: 0.1  Size: TINY


 Item Lore (from Identify): Briefing to test for and obtain an Investigator's Badge 

  Drops From 
 This item is not dropped by mobs. 
  Sold by 
 This item cannot be purchased from merchants. 
  Related quests 
 Qeynos Badge Quests 

  Book contents 
Common Tongue:

*Confidential: For Your Eyes Only*

Please read and memorize 
the instructions in this 
booklet.
If your test is successful,
you shall receive your 
badge.

It is imperative that you 
follow the proper protocols
in the execution of these 
directives. 
There is currently an 
investigator who has been 
on the trail of three 
suspected members of the 
Bloodsabers operating in 
Southern Qeynos.

You are to locate the 
investigator and give him 
this briefing document.
Ask the investigator for 
the location of the first, 
second and third suspects. 
You are to pursue the 
suspects in the proper 
order. 

Then ask the investigator 
to follow you. Keep him 
with you at all times. He 
has been instructed to make
this test difficult in 
order to test your ability 
to memorize and follow 
protocol.



The investigator will offer
assistance in the event a 
suspect is not cooperative.
When you locate a suspect, 
you must confront them with
the direct question:
Are you a member of the 
Bloodsabers?

If they answer in the 
affirmative you are to ask 
investigator for a 
confession
document.
Give the suspect the 
confession document and 
have them sign it.


Tell the investigator to 
summon a guard. The guard 
will escort the suspect 
into custody.
You are to follow this 
protocol with all three 
suspects. Bear in mind that
once word gets out the 
suspects may flee. Make 
haste.
When you have collected all
three confessions, you are 
to give them to the 
investigator who will then 
reward you with your 
Investigator's Badge.
Note: Any unprovoked 
hostility against those 
acting in an official 
capacity by serving 
warrants or collecting 

confessions will be taken 
as an admission of guilt. 
In this case, the head of 
the suspect will be 
accepted in lieu of the 
signed confession and 
overwhelming force is both 
encouraged and recommended.


Long Live Antonius Bayle IV
Regards,
Vegalys Keldrane,
Lord Magistrate.

  Player crafted 
 This item is not crafted by players. 
  Tradeskill recipes 
 This item is not used in player tradeskills. 



