ITEM NAME: Research Briefing

Stonebrunt Era (added summer 2001)


Research Briefing


LORE ITEM  NO DROP
WT: 0.1  Size: TINY


 Item Lore (from Identify): Instructions for conducting an epidemiological study 

  Drops From 
 This item is not dropped by mobs. 
  Sold by 
 This item cannot be purchased from merchants. 
  Related quests 
 Researcher's Badge (Badge #3) 

  Book contents 
 
 
 

Research Briefing

 Confidential ***



This aura is a curious thing
indeed. When the aura is
released, it disperses outward
in four directions spreading
to each rat it encounters. The
aura is weak. Its range is but
a few feet.
Note that the aura can not
cure a diseased rat unless it
first encounters one that is
healthy. We are unable
to account for this
sympathetic effect.
When the aura encounters a
healthy rat it ricochets back
in the other direction, curing
each diseased rat between the 
originator of the aura and the

healthy rat the aura
encountered. The aura then
disperses.
The object of this test is to
place the Enchanted Rats in
such a way as to eliminate the
disease from all rats involved
in the test. Do this by taking
a jar that contains a Live
Enchanted Rat and putting it
directly into a Tile.
For safety reasons, the test
must be completed within 6
standard Norrathian hours.
The diagrams illustrate the
aura's magic flow. Give this
briefing to Velarte to begin
the test.




Key:
O = Healthy Rat
X = Diseased Rat


Diagram 1
O X X
An Enchanted Rat is placed on
the far right Tile. The aura
spreads and heals the two
diseased rats.
Result:
O O O O

In diagram 1, if an Enchanted
Rat is placed on the Tile
below a diseased rat, there is
no effect. The aura did not
encounter a healthy rat and
did not reverse its flow.
Result
O X X
O



Continued Next Page



Diagram 2
O X
X
O
An Enchanted Rat is placed on
the top right Tile. Diseased
rats to the left and bottom
are cured.

Result
O O O
O
O



Continued Next Page

Diagram 3
O X X
X X X
O O
An Enchanted Rat placed on
the top right Tile results as
shown right.

Result...
O O O O
X X O
X O
An Enchanted Rat is then
placed on the left tile second
from the top. Results below.
O O O O
O O O O
X O

Return all three Empty
Enchanted Jars to Velarte when
finished. Do not drop an empty
jar on a tile. It will break.

  Player crafted 
 This item is not crafted by players. 
  Tradeskill recipes 
 This item is not used in player tradeskills. 



